3
'Weapons cause deaths in war', expert says
War expert shares new research about war fatalities and how to prevent them.
https://now.tufts.edu/sites/default/files/uploaded-assets/images/2023-03/230302_ukraine_overview_lg.jpg
Soldiers running courageously into an allegedly real fight while a cameraman stands by.
Robert Expert of the Warrah Bureau of Statistics (WBoS) shared horrifying new finds from his latest study last Monday. An expert in war data analysis, Mr Expert has nearly 12 years of experience in his field, and he's nearly finished writing a scholarly paper.

His study released new evidence about the different causes of death in war and the percentages of deaths that each cause causes.

"More than 100% of deaths in armed conflicts are caused by arms and conflicts," the 49-year-old reported. "The main sources of fatalities, and casualties, but that's another topic, are kinetic projectiles. This category mainly consists of bullets, particularly from machine guns."

image
/images/causes-of-death.png
Graph showing causes of death in armed conflicts. Source: Robert Expert

But these frightening facts have a bright side. Mr Expert believes that he has found a way to greatly reduce the number of fatalities in war.

"Yeah mate, if weapons are the greatest reason for deaths in armed conflicts, then simply removing the weapons would result in basically zero deaths," Mr Expert reasoned. "I propose that all countries adopt a 'No Arms' policy."

Some countries have already agreed to this policy, but others are more skeptical.

"How are we meant to die in war with no weapons? You are meant to die for your country in war, a war is meant for dying!" proclaimed one national leader.

Others disagreed for other reasons. The Waratah believes this to be due to a miscommunication.

"We will not amputate our soldiers," one politician said.

But Robert Expert's extensive research is extremely conclusive, and he is slowly but surely working towards getting his policy recognised and employed internationally. However, no further updates are available thus far.
